Let's jump ahead. And although I like to work
from dark to light let's go ahead and add
some lighter tones in here to help establish
this form so that you can see where we're
going with this. This is just a lighter gray.
And I'm just going to add some of this lighter
tone in here where I'm seeing that lighter
gray to help establish the shapes that we're
dealing with as much as anything else.
You can see that this is beginning to have
much more of a rounded form. Beginning to
look like it's not just a flat plane. And
it's got some brighter highlights over here
and there's a little bit of that shape there.
Watch what happens when we move to an even
brighter color. A lighter gray yet. I once
had a teacher that said the secret was just
to put the color that you see in the right
place on the canvas and the painting will
appear.